[MUSIC]
There's two functions that can be used to
sort a list.
And these sort it numerically, or
alphabetically, depending on
what sort of content you have within your
list.
So as you can here, I've got a list
which is just random numbers between one
and five.
However, it is not in numerical order, it
goes 1, 3, 4, 2,5.
So now, if I was to actually sort that
list,
and print out the list, you can see that
it is now printed as 1,2,3,4, and 5.
Now, this is quite a useful concept
because if you
have certain date and content which you
need to be
in a specific order, then the sort
function does it
for you, you don't need to actually do any
ordering yourself.
Now there's also another way in which you
can do this.
Which cuz, because this value, here is
stored within the actual list is,
changing get based on it's current,
variable if you were to actually do list.
Two, you can actually do a function called
sorted,
which then allows us to sort that list and
store it as
a new variable, it creates a copy of it
instead, and it has the exact same output.
However, this creates a copy of itself
whereas,
the previous dot sort does not create a
copy.
It just sorts it within itself, but if you
wanted it sorting from high number to low
number, all you have to do is list
two.reverse.
And with this, you now have 5,4,3,2,1.
So, these two main functions which you can
use for sorting an, a list.
Within Python and it is a very useful
concept to be.
To be able to, sort the list numerically
or alphabetically.
So, thank you for watching, and I will see
you soon.
[MUSIC]